README.md, before:

<p align="center">
  <h1 align="center">Storyblok CLI</h1>
  <p align="center">A simple CLI for scaffolding <a href="https://www.storyblok.com" target="_blank">Storyblok</a> projects and fieldtypes.</p>
</p>

[![npm](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/storyblok.svg)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/storyblok)
[![npm](https://img.shields.io/npm/dt/storyblok.svg)](ttps://img.shields.io/npm/dt/storyblok.svg)
[![GitHub issues](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/storyblok/storyblok-cli.svg?style=flat-square&v=1)](https://github.com/storyblok/storyblok/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue)
[![GitHub closed issues](https://img.shields.io/github/issues-closed/storyblok/storyblok-cli.svg?style=flat-square&v=1)](https://github.com/storyblok/storyblok-cli/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aclosed)

## BREAKING CHANGE

We added the `region` option upon login. If you are using the CLI, please `logout` and `login` again providing your user region.

## Installation

Make sure you have Node `>= 9.11.0` installed.

```sh
$ npm i storyblok -g
```

## Commands


### login

Login to the Storyblok cli

```sh
$ storyblok login
```
#### Login options

##### Options for Login with email and password
* `email`: your user's email address
* `password`: your user's password

##### Options for Login with token (Recomended to SSO user's but works with all user accounts)
* `token`: your access token

**For Both login options you nedd to pass the region**

* `region`: your user's region (default: `eu`). You can use `us`, `cn` or `eu`. This region will be used for the other cli's commands.

### logout

Logout from the Storyblok cli

```sh
$ storyblok logout
```
### user

Get the currently logged in user

```sh
$ storyblok user
```


### select

Usage to kickstart a boilerplate, fieldtype or theme

```sh
$ storyblok select
```

### pull-languages

Download your space's languages schema as json. This command will download 1 file.

```sh
$ storyblok pull-languages --space <SPACE_ID>
```

#### Options

* `space`: your space id

### pull-components

Download your space's components schema as json. This command will download 2 files: 1 for the components and 1 for the presets.

```sh
$ storyblok pull-components --space <SPACE_ID> --region <REGION>
```

#### Options

* `space`: your space id

### push-components

Push your components file to your/another space

```sh
$ storyblok push-components <SOURCE> --space <SPACE_ID> --region <REGION> --presets-source <PRESETS_SOURCE>
```

#### Parameters

* `source`: can be a URL or path to JSON file.

Using an **URL**

```sh
$ storyblok push-components https://raw.githubusercontent.com/storyblok/nuxtdoc/master/seed.components.json --space 67819
```

Using a **path** to file

```sh
$ storyblok push-components ./components.json --space 67819
```

#### Options

* `space`: your space id
* `presets-source` (optional): it can be a URL or path to JSON file with the presets

#### Examples

Using an **URL** for `presets-source`

```sh
$ storyblok push-components https://raw.githubusercontent.com/storyblok/nuxtdoc/master/seed.components.json --presets-source https://url-to-your-presets-file.json --space 67819
```

Using a **path** to file

```sh
$ storyblok push-components ./components.json --presets-source ./presets.json --space 67819
```

### delete-component

Delete a single component on your space.

```sh
storyblok delete-component <component> --space <SPACE_ID>
```

#### Parameters
* `component`: The name or id of the component

#### Options
* `space_id`: the space where the command should be executed.

#### Examples

Delete a component on your space.
```sh
storyblok delete-component 111111 --space 67819
```

```sh
storyblok delete-component teaser --space 67819
```

### delete-components

Delete all components from your Space that occur in your Local JSON.
Or delete those components on your Space that do not appear in the JSON. (`--reverse`)

```sh
storyblok delete-components <SOURCE> --space <SPACE_ID>
```

#### Parameters
* `source`: can be a URL or path to JSON file.

#### Options
* `space_id`: the space where the command should be executed.
* `reverse`: When passed as an argument, deletes only those components on your space that do not appear in the JSON.
* `dryrun`: when passed as an argument, does not perform any changes on the given space.

#### Examples

Delete all components on a certain space that occur in your local JSON.
```sh
storyblok delete-components ./components.json --space 67819
```

Delete only those components which do not occur in your local json from your space.
```sh
storyblok delete-components ./components.json --space 67819 --reverse
```

To see the result in your console output but to not perform the command on your space, use the `--dryrun` argument.
```sh
storyblok delete-components ./components.json --space 67819 --reverse --dryrun
```

### sync

Sync components, folder, roles, datasources or stories between spaces

```sh
$ storyblok sync --type <COMMAND> --source <SPACE_ID> --target <SPACE_ID>
```

#### Options

* `type`: describe the command type to execute. Can be: `folders`, `components`, `stories`, `datasources` or `roles`. It's possible pass multiple types separated by comma (`,`).
* `source`: the source space to use to sync
* `target`: the target space to use to sync

#### Examples

```sh
# Sync components from `00001` space to `00002` space
$ storyblok sync --type components --source 00001 --target 00002

# Sync components and stories from `00001` space to `00002` space
$ storyblok sync --type components,stories --source 00001 --target 00002
```

### quickstart

Create a space in Storyblok and select the boilerplate to use

```sh
$ storyblok quickstart
```

### generate-migration

Create a migration file (with the name `change_<COMPONENT>_<FIELD>.js`) inside the `migrations` folder. Check **Migrations** section to more details

```sh
$ storyblok generate-migration --space <SPACE_ID> --component <COMPONENT_NAME> --field <FIELD>
```
It's important to note that the `component` and `field` parameters are required and must be spelled exactly as they are in Storyblok. You can check the exact name by looking at the `Block library` inside your space.

#### Options

* `space`: space where the component is
* `component`: component name. It needs to be a valid component
* `field`: name of field

### run-migration

Execute a specific migration file. Check **Migrations** section to more details

```sh
$ storyblok run-migration --space <SPACE_ID> --component <COMPONENT_NAME> --field <FIELD> --dryrun
```

Optionally you can provide the publish parameter to publish content after saving. Example:

```sh
$ storyblok run-migration --publish published --space 1234 --component article --field image
```

#### Options

* `space`: the space you get from the space settings area
* `component`: component name. It needs to be a valid component
* `field`: name of field
* `dryrun`: when passed as an argument, does not perform the migration
* `publish` (optional): publish the content when update
  * `all`: publish all stories, even if they have not yet been published
  * `published`: only publish stories that already are published and don't have unpublished changes
  * `published-with-changes`: publish stories that are published and have unpublished changes
* `publish-languages` (optional): publish specific languages. You can publish more than one language at a time by separating the languages by `,`

### rollback-migration

The `rollback-migration` command gives the possibility to undo the changes made from the execution of the last `run-migrations` command.

```sh
$ storyblok rollback-migration --space 1234 --component Product --field title
```

**Important**: The `rollback-migrations` command will only work if there where changes done with `run-migrations`. Therefore running `run-migrations` command with the `--dryrun` flag will NOT create a rollback file.

#### options

* `space`: the space you get from the space settings area
* `component`: component name. It needs to be a valid component
* `field`: name of field

### spaces


List all spaces of the logged account

```sh
$ storyblok spaces
```

### import

This command gives you the possibility to import flat content from `.csv`, `.xml` and `.json` files coming from other systems.

The attributes `path` and `title` are required.

```sh
$ storyblok import --file <FILE_NAME> --type <TYPE_OF_CONTENT> --folder <FOLDER_ID> --delimiter <DELIMITER_TO_CSV_FILES> --space <SPACE_ID>
```

A xml file needs to have following format:

```
<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<root>
  <row>
    <path>this-is-my-title</path>
    <title>This is my title</title>
    <text>Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet</text>
    <image>https://a.storyblok.com/f/51376/x/1502f01431/corporate-website.svg</image>
    <category>press</category>
  </row>
</root>
```

A csv file needs to have following format. The first row is used to identify the attribute names:

```
path;title;text;image;category
this-is-my-title;This is my title;"Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet";https://a.storyblok.com/f/51376/x/1502f01431/corporate-website.svg;press
```

A json file need to have following format:

```json
[ 
  {
    "path": "this-is-my-title",
    "title": "This is my title",
    "text": "Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet",
    "image": "https://a.storyblok.com/f/51376/x/1502f01431/corporate-website.svg",
    "category": "press"
  }
]
```

#### Options

* `file`: name of the file
* `type`: name of the content type you want to use for the import
* `space`: id of your space
* `delimiter` (optional): delimiter of the `.cvs` files, only necessary if you are uploading a csv file (Default value is **;** )
* `folder` (optional): id of the folder where you want to store the content in Storyblok

### Help

For global help

```sh
$ storyblok --help
```

For command help

```sh
$ storyblok sync --help
```

### Version

For view the CLI version

```sh
$ storyblok -V # or --version
```

## Content migrations

Content migrations are a convenient way to change fields of your content.

To execute a migration you first need to create a migration file. This file is a pure Javascript function where the content of a specific content type or component gets passed through.

### 1. Creating a migration file

To create a migration file, you need to execute the `generate-migration` command:

```sh
# creating a migration file to product component to update the price
$ storyblok generate-migration --space 00000 --component product --field price
```

When you run this command a file called `change_product_price.js` will be created inside a folder called `migrations`.

The created file will have the following content:

```js
// here, 'subtitle' is the name of the field defined when you execute the generate command
module.exports = function (block) {
  // Example to change a string to boolean
  // block.subtitle = !!(block.subtitle)

  // Example to transfer content from other field
  // block.subtitle = block.other_field
}
```

In the migration function you can manipulate the block variable to add or modify existing fields of the component.

### 2. Running the migration file

To run the migration function you need to execute the `run-migration` command. Pass the --dryrun option to not execute the updates and only show the changes in the terminal:

```sh
$ storyblok run-migration --space 00000 --component product --field price --dryrun
```

After checking the output of the dryrun you can execute the updates:

```sh
# you can use the --dryrun option to not execute the updates
$ storyblok run-migration --space 00000 --component product --field price
```

### 3. Publishing the content

You can execute the migration and, when update the content, publish it using the `--publish` and `--publish-languages` options. When you use the `publish` option, **you need to specific one of these following options**: 'all', 'published' or 'published-with-changes':

```sh
$ storyblok run-migration --space 00000 --component product --field price --publish all
```

You can specify the languages to update using `--publish-languages=<LANGUAGE>` or update all languages using `--publish-languages=ALL_LANGUAGES`:

```sh
# to update only one language
$ storyblok run-migration --space 00000 --component product --field price --publish all --publish-languages=de

# to update more than one language
$ storyblok run-migration --space 00000 --component product --field price --publish all --publish-languages=de,pt
```

### 4. Rollback migrations

Whenever you run a `run-migrations` command a json file containing all the content before the change takes place will be generated. **Important**, this just doesn't apply if you add the `--dryrun` flag.

Remembering that, the content that will be saved is always related to the last `run-migrations` command, that is, if you run the `run-migrations` command twice changing the same component, the content will only be saved before the last update.

### Examples

#### 1. Change an image field

Let's create an example to update all occurrences of the image field in product component. In the example we replace the url from `//a.storyblok.com` to `//my-custom-domain.com`.

First, you need to create the migration function:

```sh
$ storyblok generate-migration --space 00000 --component product --field image
```

Then let's update the default image field:

```js
module.exports = function (block) {
  block.image = block.image.replace('a.storyblok.com', 'my-custom-domain.com')
}
```

Now you can execute the migration file:

```sh
$ storyblok run-migration --space 00000 --component product --field image --dryrun
```

#### 2. Transform a Markdown field into a Richtext field


To transform a markdown or html field into a richtext field you first need to install a converter library.

```sh
$ npm install storyblok-markdown-richtext -g
```

Now check the path to the global node modules folder

```sh
$ npm root -g
```

Generate the migration with ```storyblok generate-migration --space 00000 --component blog --field intro``` and apply the transformation:

```js
var richtextConverter = require('/usr/local/lib/node_modules/storyblok-markdown-richtext')

module.exports = function (block) {
  if (typeof block.intro == 'string') {
    block.intro = richtextConverter.markdownToRichtext(block.intro)
  }
}
```

## You're looking for a headstart?

Check out our guides for client side apps (VueJS, Angular, React, ...), static site (Jekyll, NuxtJs, ...), dynamic site examples (Node, PHP, Python, Laravel, ...) on our [Getting Started](https://www.storyblok.com/getting-started) page.

Commit message:

docs(int-805): update documentation for login with token update documentation for pull & push components

README.md, after:

<p align="center">
  <h1 align="center">Storyblok CLI</h1>
  <p align="center">A simple CLI for scaffolding <a href="https://www.storyblok.com" target="_blank">Storyblok</a> projects and fieldtypes.</p>
</p>

[![npm](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/storyblok.svg)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/storyblok)
[![npm](https://img.shields.io/npm/dt/storyblok.svg)](ttps://img.shields.io/npm/dt/storyblok.svg)
[![GitHub issues](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/storyblok/storyblok-cli.svg?style=flat-square&v=1)](https://github.com/storyblok/storyblok/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue)
[![GitHub closed issues](https://img.shields.io/github/issues-closed/storyblok/storyblok-cli.svg?style=flat-square&v=1)](https://github.com/storyblok/storyblok-cli/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aclosed)

## BREAKING CHANGE

We added the `region` option upon login. If you are using the CLI, please `logout` and `login` again providing your user region.

## Installation

Make sure you have Node `>= 9.11.0` installed.

```sh
$ npm i storyblok -g
```

## Commands


### login

Login to the Storyblok cli

```sh
$ storyblok login
```
#### Login options

##### Options for Login with email and password
* `email`: your user's email address
* `password`: your user's password

##### Options for Login with token (Recomended to SSO user's but works with all user accounts)
* `token`: your access token

**For Both login options you nedd to pass the region**

* `region`: your user's region (default: `eu`). You can use `us`, `cn` or `eu`. This region will be used for the other cli's commands.

**You also could login in the CLI adding the token directly in the login command without waiting and adding the information in the questions, like:**

```sh
$ storyblok login --token <YOUR_OUTH_TOKEN> --region eu 
```

### logout

Logout from the Storyblok cli

```sh
$ storyblok logout
```
### user

Get the currently logged in user

```sh
$ storyblok user
```


### select

Usage to kickstart a boilerplate, fieldtype or theme

```sh
$ storyblok select
```

### pull-languages

Download your space's languages schema as json. This command will download 1 file.

```sh
$ storyblok pull-languages --space <SPACE_ID>
```

#### Options

* `space`: your space id

### pull-components

Download your space's components schema as json. By default this command will download 2 files: 1 for the components and 1 for the presets; But if you pass a flag `--single-file or --sf` the command will create file for each component and presets. And also you could pass a path `--path or -p` to save your components and presets.

```sh
$ storyblok pull-components --space <SPACE_ID> # Will save files like components-1234.json
```

```sh
$ storyblok pull-components --space <SPACE_ID> --single-file # Will save files like feature-1234.json grid-1234.json
```

#### Options

* `--space`: your space id
* `single-file`: boolean flag to save components and presets in single files instead a file with all
* `path`: the path to save your components and preset files

### push-components

Push your components file to your/another space

```sh
$ storyblok push-components <SOURCE> --space <SPACE_ID> --presets-source <PRESETS_SOURCE>
```

#### Parameters

* `source`: can be a URL or path to JSON file, the path to a json file could be to a single or multiple files separated by comma, like `./pages-1234.json,../User/components/grid-1234.json`

Using an **URL**

```sh
$ storyblok push-components https://raw.githubusercontent.com/storyblok/nuxtdoc/master/seed.components.json --space 67819
```

Using a **path** to a single file

```sh
$ storyblok push-components ./components.json --space 67819
```

Using a **path** to a multiple files

```sh
$ storyblok push-components ./page.json,../grid.json,./feature.json --space 67819
```

#### Options

* `space`: your space id
* `presets-source` (optional): it can be a URL or path to JSON file with the presets

#### Examples

Using an **URL** for `presets-source`

```sh
$ storyblok push-components https://raw.githubusercontent.com/storyblok/nuxtdoc/master/seed.components.json --presets-source https://url-to-your-presets-file.json --space 67819
```

Using a **path** to file

```sh
$ storyblok push-components ./components.json --presets-source ./presets.json --space 67819
```

### delete-component

Delete a single component on your space.

```sh
storyblok delete-component <component> --space <SPACE_ID>
```

#### Parameters
* `component`: The name or id of the component

#### Options
* `space_id`: the space where the command should be executed.

#### Examples

Delete a component on your space.
```sh
storyblok delete-component 111111 --space 67819
```

```sh
storyblok delete-component teaser --space 67819
```

### delete-components

Delete all components from your Space that occur in your Local JSON.
Or delete those components on your Space that do not appear in the JSON. (`--reverse`)

```sh
storyblok delete-components <SOURCE> --space <SPACE_ID>
```

#### Parameters
* `source`: can be a URL or path to JSON file.

#### Options
* `space_id`: the space where the command should be executed.
* `reverse`: When passed as an argument, deletes only those components on your space that do not appear in the JSON.
* `dryrun`: when passed as an argument, does not perform any changes on the given space.

#### Examples

Delete all components on a certain space that occur in your local JSON.
```sh
storyblok delete-components ./components.json --space 67819
```

Delete only those components which do not occur in your local json from your space.
```sh
storyblok delete-components ./components.json --space 67819 --reverse
```

To see the result in your console output but to not perform the command on your space, use the `--dryrun` argument.
```sh
storyblok delete-components ./components.json --space 67819 --reverse --dryrun
```

### sync

Sync components, folder, roles, datasources or stories between spaces

```sh
$ storyblok sync --type <COMMAND> --source <SPACE_ID> --target <SPACE_ID>
```

#### Options

* `type`: describe the command type to execute. Can be: `folders`, `components`, `stories`, `datasources` or `roles`. It's possible pass multiple types separated by comma (`,`).
* `source`: the source space to use to sync
* `target`: the target space to use to sync

#### Examples

```sh
# Sync components from `00001` space to `00002` space
$ storyblok sync --type components --source 00001 --target 00002

# Sync components and stories from `00001` space to `00002` space
$ storyblok sync --type components,stories --source 00001 --target 00002
```

### quickstart

Create a space in Storyblok and select the boilerplate to use

```sh
$ storyblok quickstart
```

### generate-migration

Create a migration file (with the name `change_<COMPONENT>_<FIELD>.js`) inside the `migrations` folder. Check **Migrations** section to more details

```sh
$ storyblok generate-migration --space <SPACE_ID> --component <COMPONENT_NAME> --field <FIELD>
```
It's important to note that the `component` and `field` parameters are required and must be spelled exactly as they are in Storyblok. You can check the exact name by looking at the `Block library` inside your space.

#### Options

* `space`: space where the component is
* `component`: component name. It needs to be a valid component
* `field`: name of field

### run-migration

Execute a specific migration file. Check **Migrations** section to more details

```sh
$ storyblok run-migration --space <SPACE_ID> --component <COMPONENT_NAME> --field <FIELD> --dryrun
```

Optionally you can provide the publish parameter to publish content after saving. Example:

```sh
$ storyblok run-migration --publish published --space 1234 --component article --field image
```

#### Options

* `space`: the space you get from the space settings area
* `component`: component name. It needs to be a valid component
* `field`: name of field
* `dryrun`: when passed as an argument, does not perform the migration
* `publish` (optional): publish the content when update
  * `all`: publish all stories, even if they have not yet been published
  * `published`: only publish stories that already are published and don't have unpublished changes
  * `published-with-changes`: publish stories that are published and have unpublished changes
* `publish-languages` (optional): publish specific languages. You can publish more than one language at a time by separating the languages by `,`

### rollback-migration

The `rollback-migration` command gives the possibility to undo the changes made from the execution of the last `run-migrations` command.

```sh
$ storyblok rollback-migration --space 1234 --component Product --field title
```

**Important**: The `rollback-migrations` command will only work if there where changes done with `run-migrations`. Therefore running `run-migrations` command with the `--dryrun` flag will NOT create a rollback file.

#### options

* `space`: the space you get from the space settings area
* `component`: component name. It needs to be a valid component
* `field`: name of field

### spaces


List all spaces of the logged account

```sh
$ storyblok spaces
```

### import

This command gives you the possibility to import flat content from `.csv`, `.xml` and `.json` files coming from other systems.

The attributes `path` and `title` are required.

```sh
$ storyblok import --file <FILE_NAME> --type <TYPE_OF_CONTENT> --folder <FOLDER_ID> --delimiter <DELIMITER_TO_CSV_FILES> --space <SPACE_ID>
```

A xml file needs to have following format:

```
<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<root>
  <row>
    <path>this-is-my-title</path>
    <title>This is my title</title>
    <text>Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet</text>
    <image>https://a.storyblok.com/f/51376/x/1502f01431/corporate-website.svg</image>
    <category>press</category>
  </row>
</root>
```

A csv file needs to have following format. The first row is used to identify the attribute names:

```
path;title;text;image;category
this-is-my-title;This is my title;"Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet";https://a.storyblok.com/f/51376/x/1502f01431/corporate-website.svg;press
```

A json file need to have following format:

```json
[ 
  {
    "path": "this-is-my-title",
    "title": "This is my title",
    "text": "Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet",
    "image": "https://a.storyblok.com/f/51376/x/1502f01431/corporate-website.svg",
    "category": "press"
  }
]
```

#### Options

* `file`: name of the file
* `type`: name of the content type you want to use for the import
* `space`: id of your space
* `delimiter` (optional): delimiter of the `.cvs` files, only necessary if you are uploading a csv file (Default value is **;** )
* `folder` (optional): id of the folder where you want to store the content in Storyblok

### Help

For global help

```sh
$ storyblok --help
```

For command help

```sh
$ storyblok sync --help
```

### Version

For view the CLI version

```sh
$ storyblok -V # or --version
```

## Content migrations

Content migrations are a convenient way to change fields of your content.

To execute a migration you first need to create a migration file. This file is a pure Javascript function where the content of a specific content type or component gets passed through.

### 1. Creating a migration file

To create a migration file, you need to execute the `generate-migration` command:

```sh
# creating a migration file to product component to update the price
$ storyblok generate-migration --space 00000 --component product --field price
```

When you run this command a file called `change_product_price.js` will be created inside a folder called `migrations`.

The created file will have the following content:

```js
// here, 'subtitle' is the name of the field defined when you execute the generate command
module.exports = function (block) {
  // Example to change a string to boolean
  // block.subtitle = !!(block.subtitle)

  // Example to transfer content from other field
  // block.subtitle = block.other_field
}
```

In the migration function you can manipulate the block variable to add or modify existing fields of the component.

### 2. Running the migration file

To run the migration function you need to execute the `run-migration` command. Pass the --dryrun option to not execute the updates and only show the changes in the terminal:

```sh
$ storyblok run-migration --space 00000 --component product --field price --dryrun
```

After checking the output of the dryrun you can execute the updates:

```sh
# you can use the --dryrun option to not execute the updates
$ storyblok run-migration --space 00000 --component product --field price
```

### 3. Publishing the content

You can execute the migration and, when update the content, publish it using the `--publish` and `--publish-languages` options. When you use the `publish` option, **you need to specific one of these following options**: 'all', 'published' or 'published-with-changes':

```sh
$ storyblok run-migration --space 00000 --component product --field price --publish all
```

You can specify the languages to update using `--publish-languages=<LANGUAGE>` or update all languages using `--publish-languages=ALL_LANGUAGES`:

```sh
# to update only one language
$ storyblok run-migration --space 00000 --component product --field price --publish all --publish-languages=de

# to update more than one language
$ storyblok run-migration --space 00000 --component product --field price --publish all --publish-languages=de,pt
```

### 4. Rollback migrations

Whenever you run a `run-migrations` command a json file containing all the content before the change takes place will be generated. **Important**, this just doesn't apply if you add the `--dryrun` flag.

Remembering that, the content that will be saved is always related to the last `run-migrations` command, that is, if you run the `run-migrations` command twice changing the same component, the content will only be saved before the last update.

### Examples

#### 1. Change an image field

Let's create an example to update all occurrences of the image field in product component. In the example we replace the url from `//a.storyblok.com` to `//my-custom-domain.com`.

First, you need to create the migration function:

```sh
$ storyblok generate-migration --space 00000 --component product --field image
```

Then let's update the default image field:

```js
module.exports = function (block) {
  block.image = block.image.replace('a.storyblok.com', 'my-custom-domain.com')
}
```

Now you can execute the migration file:

```sh
$ storyblok run-migration --space 00000 --component product --field image --dryrun
```

#### 2. Transform a Markdown field into a Richtext field


To transform a markdown or html field into a richtext field you first need to install a converter library.

```sh
$ npm install storyblok-markdown-richtext -g
```

Now check the path to the global node modules folder

```sh
$ npm root -g
```

Generate the migration with ```storyblok generate-migration --space 00000 --component blog --field intro``` and apply the transformation:

```js
var richtextConverter = require('/usr/local/lib/node_modules/storyblok-markdown-richtext')

module.exports = function (block) {
  if (typeof block.intro == 'string') {
    block.intro = richtextConverter.markdownToRichtext(block.intro)
  }
}
```

## You're looking for a headstart?

Check out our guides for client side apps (VueJS, Angular, React, ...), static site (Jekyll, NuxtJs, ...), dynamic site examples (Node, PHP, Python, Laravel, ...) on our [Getting Started](https://www.storyblok.com/getting-started) page.
